.TH "ssadmin" 1 "2015-06-09" "ssadmin" "ssadmin" ssadmin
.SH NAME
ssadmin \- test and configuration utility for SSA services
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.nf
\fIssadmin\fR [-h | --help] [-v | --version]
        [[-d | --device] <device name>] [[-P | --Port] <CA port>]
        [[-p | --pkey] <partition key>] [[-l | --lid] <dlid>] [[-g | --gid] <dgid>]
        [[-a | --admin_port] <server port>]
        [[-t | --timeout] <timeout>]
        <command> [<args>]
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
ssadmin utility is used to monitor, debug and configure different SSA layers:
core, distribution, access and acm.

It can be run on any fabric node (not necessary node that
has SSA service running on it) and by specifying target node LID or GID,
any SSA node can be reached. If no target node specified, it will be
assumed that some SSA service is running on a local node and a connection
attemp to a local node will be done.

The <command> is a name of ssadmin specific command (see below).
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\-d, \-\-device <device name>
Local IB device to be used. If no device was specified,
the first one with an active IB port
is chosen.
.TP
\-P, \-\-Port <CA port>
Local IB device port to be used. If no port was specified,
the first one in active state is chosen.
.TP
\-p, \-\-pkey <partition key>
Partition key value to be used (0xffff if not specified).
.TP
\-l, \-\-lid <lid>
Destination node LID. If not specified and also no destination GID is specified,
local host will be considered as a destination node.
.TP
\-g, \-\-gid <gid>
Destination node GID. If not specified and also no destination GID is specified,
local host will be considered as a destination node.
.TP
\-a, \-\-admin_port <server port>
Destination node port for communication (default: 7477).
.TP
\-t, \-\-timeout <timeout>
Timeout for command processing in milliseconds (default: 1000).
.TP
\-v, \-\-version
Prints ssadmin version and exit.
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Display usage info and exit.
.SH SSADMIN COMMANDS
.sp
We divide ssadmin into MONITOR, MANAGEMENT and DEBUG commands.
.SS MONITOR COMMANDS
.PP
\fBssadmin counter\fR
.RS 4
Query SSA service running on a target node for a specific counter\&.
.RE
\fBssadmin nodeinfo\fR
.RS 4
Query SSA node basic information\&.
.RE
.SS MANAGEMENT COMMANDS

.SS DEBUG COMMANDS
.PP
\fBssadmin ping\fR
.RS 4
Test ping between local node and SSA service on a specified target node\&.
.RE

.SH "NOTES"
In order to get specific command description and its optional arguments, the following
should be executed:

    > ssadmin help <command>

.SH "USAGE EXAMPLE"
Sending ping to a fabric node with GID fe80::8:f104:39a:1a1, the following should be executed:

    > ssadmin -g fe80::8:f104:39a:1a1 ping

If target node LID is known, and for instance it is 18, it can be done by executing:

    > ssadmin -l 18 ping

.SH "SEE ALSO"
ibacm(7), ibacm(1), ibssa(7), ibssa(1), opensmssa(7)
