.TH "ibssa" 1 "2015-03-12" "ibssa" "ibssa" ibssa
.SH NAME
ibssa \- Scalable Subnet Administration (SSA) services for InfiniBand.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.nf
\fIibssa\fR [-P] [-O option_file]
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
SSA (Scalable Subnet Administration) implements a distributed SA
currently supporting path records.  SSA forms a distribution
tree starting at the SM. It consists of 4 layers: core,
distribution, access, and consumer.  Core and access as well
as distribution and access layers can be combined in
a single node.
.P
ibssa is an executable which supports the distribution and
access layers.  Distribution nodes allow the SSA tree to fan out
to the access nodes.  Access nodes calculate the path record
database for the consumer nodes (ACM nodes in SSA mode) assigned
to it. 
.P
SSA uses rsockets with AF_IB addressing and keepalives to distribute
the databases it supports.  rsockets with AF_IB addressing 
and keepalives is part of librdmacm 1.0.19 release but
there are several bug fixes beyond that that are required for SSA.
.P
The IB SSA package is comprised of the ibssa service which is a
userspace component available for Linux only.  Additional details
are given below.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\-P
run as standard process (default is to run as daemon)
.TP
\-O option_file
option configuration file (default is ibssa_opts.cfg)
.SH "QUICK START GUIDE"
1. Prerequisites: libibverbs and libibumad must be installed.
The IB stack should be running with IPoIB configured.
These steps assume that the user has administrative privileges.
.P
2. Install an SSA capable librdmacm.
.P
3. Install the IB SSA package.  This installs ibssa and init.d scripts.
.P
4. Configure ibssa_opts.cfg for non default options.
.P
5. Run 'ibssa' as administrator to start the ibssa daemon.
.SH "NOTES"
.P
ibssa configuration file (ibssa_opts.cfg):
.P
The ibssa_opts.cfg file provides a set of configurable options for the
ibssa service, such as timeouts, number of retries, logging level, etc.
If an option file cannot be found, ibssa will use default values.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ibssa(7), ibacm(1), ibacm(7)
