.TH "opensmssa" 1 "2015-03-12" "opensmssa" "opensmssa" opensmssa
.SH NAME
opensmssa \- Scalable Subnet Administration (SSA) plugin library for OpenSM.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
SSA (Scalable Subnet Administration) implements a distributed SA
currently supporting path records.  SSA forms a distribution
tree starting at the SM. It consists of 4 layers: core,
distribution, access, and consumer.  Core and access as well
as distribution and access layers can be combined in
a single node.
.P
libopensmssa is a library which is a plugin to OpenSM.  It
supports the core layer of the SSA distribution tree.
.P
SSA uses rsockets with AF_IB addressing and keepalives to distribute
the databases it supports.  rsockets with AF_IB addressing 
and keepalives is part of librdmacm 1.0.19 release but
there are several bug fixes beyond that that are required for SSA.
.P
libopensmssa is available for OpenSM in Linux only.  Additional details
are given below.
.SH "QUICK START GUIDE"
1. Prerequisites: libibverbs must be installed.
These steps assume that the user has administrative privileges.
.P
2. Install an SSA capable librdmacm.
.P
3. Install OpenSM.
.P
4. Install the libopensmssa package.  This installs the OpenSM SSA plugin.
.P
5. Configure opensm.conf for event plugin options.  See NOTES below.
.P
5. Run 'opensm' as administrator to start the opensm daemon.
.SH "NOTES"
.P
OpenSM configuration file (typically opensm.conf):
.P
.nf
#
# Event Plugin Options
#
# Event plugin name(s)
event_plugin_name opensmssa

# Options string that would be passed to the plugin(s)
event_plugin_options (null)
.fi
.P
ibssa configuration file (ibssa_core_opts.cfg):
.P
The ibssa_core_opts.cfg file provides a set of configurable options for the
OpenSM SSA plugin, such as timeouts, number of retries, logging level, etc.
If an option file cannot be found, default values will be used.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
opensm(8), ibssa(7), ibacm(1), ibacm(7)
